feat(native): advanced usage section to explain OS error handling (#9787)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/native/advanced-usage/index.mdx

---
title: Advanced Usage
description: "Learn how the Native SDK backends handle errors on their supported platforms and how that affects your usage."
sidebar_order: 6000
---

> This section details recurring topics where the knowledge beyond what the SDK boundary can abstract away from its users no longer holds.
> 
> These will include operating system specifics regarding error handling or how some platforms deviate from established standards.
> 
> This section is not a conclusive reference documentation but will cover solutions that a user should understand to adapt to particular platform behavior.
> 
> While we try to keep the content light, due to the in-depth nature of the topics following the text might require more effort than the other parts of the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section discusses recurring topics that go beyond what the SDK can abstract away from users. 

While not a complete reference, this section covers topics like how different operating systems handle errors and where some platforms don't follow usual standards. Here, we also offer solutions to help users deal with specific platform quirks. 

Due to the in-depth and nuanced nature of these topics, users may need a more advanced level of expertise. 
```
